22 early in a waivable hold off the
raucous that Barnes gets the start
tonight with the Cleveland 10 374 of
destruction of the Cavs cool zonal near
the Spurs get around Danny Green cuz i
put a seal off of the rent making his
debut is just old golden state from
start to finish off the gristle time
everybody's pretty much buffett a tutor
for beautiful right Danny got a tough
saw max in fremont green Lofton for the
great switch between 430 mama a card was
assessed you take the three baby any no
keep these other guys going up for but
you're not already fix a couple Senate
don't we will be fell go bulls is a
player of course one method to talk to
the lawyers follow my goodness / 50
though very Margriet can't guard
everybody that's how I've been losing
family no longer fates are terrified
took put away no this was bored to
respond Oh Parker the tetanus blocked by
McGee today degree hidden Duncan valen
otherwise it'll warm at game by 30
that number the priests of God to go to
work guarding karam used to be locked in
Italy but it's got to be that primera
the lighter praise business in the pace
against curry seven
physically he got some separation and it
drops clothes I've taken away by Kawhi
Leonard one st patty mills he stops he
fighters anyone in the game a couple of
weeks ago here all in the first half the
key gets loose for two bills equal
Leonard chased off the line swings it
back to Aldridge he has to fire that one
come on board who was Roosevelt a lot to
do with that oh what a ever totally did
it was time you to go anyway the point
of it was as Iguodala the three parks
gentleman Robin there's nothing left but
he's got nothing looks to do here's
Iguodala giving it up to Livingston cool
David Lee the block nigga dalam over
Kawhi took the five seconds to go Rafael
here
bars for the jumper and rattles at home
on passes it off to Anderson twisting in
the way though rewrite their that
different opinion itself apart of the
Warriors klay Thompson over Barney I'll
forget tomorrow
Anderson what about the villain go
underneath his second foul David West
comes back to get the bucket third unit
is chipping away slowly partly the
jumper over Green for three Spurs will
take it free transition 30 question but
fill in that gray find that three-point
of wide open forum draymond Green pinjam
down lower we got up twenty to thirty
bucks coasted Leonard the shooters
country does it off here at eleven could
you think I figured that was the only
reason it was except pile of fact not
believe we've got a chance because you
need it they're going to which the wrong
and took away after all the truck shop
Danny Green oh what a knee foot back 14
for green separate sets get to here and
then Thompson and it swirls in and to
the best food for the basketball team of
the leading received some of it here
nigga da wah wah dopant comment good for
you
looking ahead wide open put service this
is right back swings it for Shaun
Livington over Patty Mills and we are
competition or everybody to Garko degree
the power launches of 30 rock this is
the double team again Aldridge that's
good enough to do a lot more of that is
to playoffs together player fuck get out
of the peculiar 144 remaining of that
korean side on Mills the pier moment
inside spring though still cut the game
going through it inside the funds are so
good for so many years fathers it looks
like today that's why I got rid of
nothing at the first half of that game
on abundant life hurry it's a truck
barge towards the sacramental earlier
this week let go with a husband real
cave about petunia that can we get a
shot off and then mr. playing pretty
good basketball right now well that'll
probably lock up the MVP for him on the
drive but truly
[Applause]
draymond Green to Thompson all he needs
is a second and the Lord Barnes to curry
over doesn't hurry off to Aldridge by
the hand the last door lawyer 60 and
fourteen and twenty nine and 10 on the
road of the Clippers Clippers on a
Saturday night hurry not burn will rub
with the top of the dealer another
cookie all this bits of lead is the
kitty Leonard in Saigon
cuteness is the three or the point of
that who's our independence assistant al
Ghul bridge I ended up from the
free-throw that a wide open is david
west of time I repre market about it
West averaging four points three
rebounds come of assists heard over the
key back to query back to the G and he
doesn't miss this looks up they lost
he's a Houston lot we would stick Adama
service he was here he could our overly
just came to the game
the shot clock living flesh with
Ginobili registered time to fold a nice
catch of fish underneath and the shot is
doing and sorta occurred we'll get the
duck disconnections you to get out
eventually there's our Beauty much there
how the bucket after the theme went over
the top stove making me even one
Thompson right back to West inside the
top I thought Clark hesitation it's five
loud is all wrong double break finally
district ago real Clark back to wet the
cartridge in illyrians he did you saw
the league got a change
Buster play their guys are top of the
best ever for a toxin you get a wide
open shot highlighters yours top to go
to work off Parker pulls up for the
jumper for to discuss mommy point on yes
West Thompson that take him long another
top so that is lead build a lot more
talking about to get their shot they got
to get the legs of the neutral but it's
all very freaky was even slightly out of
balance until right at fly bonds the
west and he hit the truck if he's your
size for your advantage consuming that
aggressive play top so that it lets the
tape light green last again referee
assists and eight Human League breaks
through got the role they're just
computed the quantified him laughs again
on five years Indiana before before
seasoned with his courage wat by WAC
tiny barrows blocked by Thompson hurry
back to West
people festa stay tuned for those
details where's go to their last chance
here Leonard gets a tough to full of
frustration hurry back to drain hurry in
the paint through the vendor going to
play the Memphis Grizzlies in the first
round I just don't see any way out of it
here is Stedman in the paint the key
with the block Forbes comes back with it
back to jebden is what is good for it
and reinforce back to Anderson he'll
launch a free that is the ballgame 198